Mobile browsers block scaling in fullscreen mode info (#23746)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fullscreen_api/guide/index.md

- {{DOMxRef("Document.fullscreenEnabled")}}
  - : The `fullscreenEnabled` property tells you whether or not the document is currently in a state that would allow fullscreen mode to be requested.

> ### Viewport scaling on mobile browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Viewport scaling in mobile browsers
```

> Some mobile browsers while in fullscreen mode ignore viewport meta-tag settings and block user scaling; for example: a "pinch to zoom" gesture will not work on a page presented in fullscreen mode — even if, when not in fullscreen mode, the page can be scaled using pinch to zoom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some mobile browsers while in fullscreen mode ignore viewport meta-tag settings and block user scaling; for example: a "pinch to zoom" gesture may not work on a page presented in fullscreen mode — even if, when not in fullscreen mode, the page can be scaled using pinch to zoom.
```

> In vast majority of mobile browsers, fullscreen mode ignores viewport meta tag configuration and blocks user scaling in fullscreen mode. In example: "pinch to zoom" on the image presented in fullscreen mode will not work, even if the page in normal mode can ba scaled using pinch to zoom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some mobile browsers while in fullscreen mode ignore viewport meta-tag settings and block user scaling; for example: a "pinch to zoom" gesture will not work on a page presented in fullscreen mode — even if, when not in fullscreen mode, the page can be scaled using pinch to zoom.
```
